# Generator

Generators are a specific type of behaviour commonly utilized in Tycoon Games. They empower creators to assign behaviors to assets, enabling them to produce specific types of assets. For example, the Generator behavior can be applied to a "coconut tree," granting it the capability to produce coconuts at a predetermined rate.

To add the Generator behavior to an asset, follow these steps:

1. Select the asset you wish to apply the Generator behavior to.
2. In the Inspector panel, click on **Add Behavior**.
3. From the list of behaviors, choose **Generator.**

You can customize the below-mentioned parameters according to your requirements:

<table><thead><tr><th width="384">Parameter</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Type</td><td>This is the option where you can select the type of generator:<br>1. Self - It generates the output itself <br>2. Converter - It collects the generated output</td></tr><tr><td>Activate On</td><td>This is a dropdown from where you need select any one of the following Start Events for Generator to begin executing: <br> <br>1. When the game starts: Select "Game Start"<br>2. When any other Asset touches the currently selected Asset: Select "Other Object Touch"<br>3. When a particular broadcast is generated in the game: Select "Broadcast Listened" and specify the name of the signal to listen to<br>4. When the player touches the currently selected Asset: Select "Player Touchers"<br>5. When the Asset is clicked: Select "On Click"</td></tr><tr><td>Carriable Output </td><td>This field is used to define the asset that would get generated using this behaviour. <br>There are two option available:<br>1. None<br>2. Custom - select the carriable group</td></tr><tr><td>Storage limit</td><td>You can use this field to set the limit of the assets that will get generated </td></tr><tr><td>Generate Time</td><td>You can use this field to specify the time it will take to generate an asset</td></tr><tr><td>No Limit</td><td>checking this checkbox would remove any limit on the number of assets generated</td></tr><tr><td>Stack offset</td><td>This option can be used to adjust the position of the carriable </td></tr><tr><td>Storage Name</td><td>You can specify the storage name where you want the generated assets to be stored </td></tr><tr><td>Show UI</td><td>Selecting this checkbox will cause a UI element to appear above the generator, displaying the number of generated assets.</td></tr><tr><td>Progress UI</td><td>This drop down provides the option how you like the generation progress to be reflected. There are 3 available option:<br>1. Absolute <br>2. Percentage <br>3. X/Y</td></tr><tr><td>Local position</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Sound Effect on Start</td><td>Choose a short chime to play when item is collected</td></tr><tr><td>Visual Effect on Start</td><td>Choose a small visual effect to play when item is collec</td></tr><tr><td>Collect on</td><td><p>This is a dropdown from where you need select the trigger that will start the collection process:<br>1. On touching the asset : Select "Touched Me"<br>2. On clicking a paticular carriable: Select "Clicked carriable".</p><p>3.On clicking the asset : Select "Touched Me"<br>3. When a particular broadcast is generated in the game: Select "Broadcast Listened" and specify the name of the signal to listen to<br>4. When the player touches the currently selected Asset: Select "Player Touchers"<br>5. When the Asset is clicked: Select "On Click"</p></td></tr><tr><td>Collect duration </td><td>You specify the time it will take for the carriables to get collected.</td></tr><tr><td>Special broadcast</td><td>Choose to enter a broadcast that can be used as a trigger for any other behavior. <br>The broadcast is sent when you click on the asset.</td></tr></tbody></table>
