# Storage/input

Storage deposit are a distinct type of behavior frequently employed in Tycoon Games. They grant creators the ability to assign behaviors to assets, allowing act as a storage units or selves of a paticalar kind of asset. For instance, by applying the Storage deposit behavior to a "store selves of a grocery store," it gains the capability to store a paticular kind of grocery item.

To add the Storage deposit behavior to an asset, follow these steps:

1. Select the asset you wish to apply the Converter behavior to.
2. In the Inspector panel, click on **Add Behavior**.
3. From the list of behaviors, choose **Storage deposit.**

You can customize the below-mentioned parameters according to your requirements:

<table><thead><tr><th width="384">Parameter</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Storage Name</td><td>You can add custom storage name here.</td></tr><tr><td>Store When</td><td>This is a dropdown from where you need select any one of the following Start Events for collection to begin executing: <br> <br>1.. When any other Asset touches the currently selected Asset: Select "Other Object Touch"<br>2. When a particular broadcast is generated in the game: Select "Broadcast Listened" and specify the name of the signal to listen to<br>3. When the player touches the currently selected Asset: Select "Player Touchers"<br>4. When the Asset is clicked: Select "On Click"<br>5. Trigger</td></tr><tr><td>Delay</td><td>pause before the carriable gets deposited</td></tr><tr><td>Carriable Input</td><td>This field is used to define the carriable that would get collected using this behaviour. <br>There are two option available:<br>1. None<br>2. Custom <br>3. Select the carriable group</td></tr><tr><td>No Limit</td><td>checking this checkbox would remove any limit on the number of carriable stored</td></tr><tr><td>Storage limit</td><td>You can use this field to set the limit of the assets that will get stored. </td></tr><tr><td>Stack offset</td><td>This option can be used to adjust the position of the carriable in the storage</td></tr><tr><td>Deposit Rate</td><td>You can use this field to specify the rate at which asset will get depositted.</td></tr><tr><td>Customer position</td><td>Position where the customer will stand in queue to collect the particular carriable.</td></tr><tr><td>Carriable position </td><td>position where the carriable to get collected can be specified using this option</td></tr><tr><td>Show UI</td><td>Selecting this checkbox will cause a UI element to appear above the storage deposit, displaying the number of collected assets.</td></tr><tr><td>Progress UI</td><td>This drop down provides the option how you like the collection progress to be reflected. There are 3 available option:<br>1. Absolute <br>2. Percentage <br>3. X/Y</td></tr><tr><td>Local position</td><td>offset of the UI</td></tr><tr><td>Play SFX</td><td>Choose a short chime to play when item is collected</td></tr><tr><td>Play VFX</td><td>Choose a small visual effect to play when item is collected</td></tr><tr><td>BroadcastData</td><td>Choose to enter a broadcast that can be used as a trigger for any other behavior. <br></td></tr><tr><td>Customer</td><td>the item that customer needs to collect will be reflected as an icon above the customer </td></tr><tr><td>Show separate </td><td></td></tr></tbody></table>

