# Move to Player

The objects having the MoveToPlayer Template will <mark style="color:purple;">`leave their designated place`</mark> and move <mark style="color:purple;">`towards the player`</mark>. They follow you in the direction of your movement.  Multiple triggers activate the template depending on the need.

You can customize the feature with the help of these parameters:

<table><thead><tr><th width="306">Parameter</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>MoveToPlayerWhen</td><td>You can choose the trigger to activate the template<br>- After a broadcast message has been received by the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When the player touches the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When a different object touches the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When you click on the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark></td></tr><tr><td>MoveSpeed</td><td>You can fix the speed for object movement</td></tr><tr><td>Offset</td><td>Specifying offset value ensures that the object will move a <code>specific number of units in the given axis.</code> It won't follow you but will relocate to a different location on triggering.</td></tr><tr><td>Play SFX</td><td>Choose a sound effect to play when you collide with the object.</td></tr><tr><td>Play VFX</td><td>Choose a sound effect to play when you collide with the object.</td></tr><tr><td>Cancel On</td><td>You can choose when to stop the movement of the object.<br>- After a broadcast message has been received by the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When the player touches the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When a different object touches the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark></td></tr><tr><td>Cancel Type</td><td>You can choose what happens to the object once it stops moving. <br>- It can <mark style="color:yellow;">relocate</mark> back to its <mark style="color:yellow;">original position</mark><br>- It can <mark style="color:yellow;">stop</mark> at the <mark style="color:yellow;">current position</mark>.</td></tr><tr><td>Broadcast</td><td>Choose to enter a broadcast that can be used as a trigger for any other behavior. <br><code>The broadcast is sent when the object comes in </code><mark style="color:yellow;"><code>contact with you.</code></mark></td></tr></tbody></table>

