# Terra Studio Component Overview

Terra Studio is a 3D game engine that consists of Four main components. These components work together to provide a complete platform for creating a variety of games.&#x20;

By using these components in the right combination, you can create almost any game that Terra Studio supports.

### Player

The player is defined by two types of properties:

* **Primary Properties**: These include Spawn Position, Spawn Orientation, Spawn Scale, Gameplay Controller, and Camera.
* **Behavior Specific Properties**: These are properties specific to the behavior of the player.

### Playground

The playground is the environment that the player interacts with. It consists of Assets, SFX, Particles, and GlobalRenderSettings. Each element in the playground has two types of editable properties:

* **Global Properties**
* **Behavior Specific Properties**

### Behavior

Behaviors are attached to the playground element - Asset. They specify how the asset behaves when a certain condition is met. Each behavior is defined by:

* **Broadcast**: A signal is broadcast after the asset exhibits the behavior for other behaviors to use as a trigger.
* **Descriptor Parameters**: Parameters that describe the nature of the behavior. This includes:
  * **Trigger**: The condition that needs to be met for the behavior to happen. This can be a broadcast signal from another behavior or a specific game state or game action.
  * **Predecessor Behavior**: Some behaviors work when another specific behavior exists.
  * **Successor Behavior**: Some behaviors need a follow-up behavior to be functional.

### Game System

### 1. Primitive Game System

These are overall systems that are part of the gameplay but are not attached to any playground element. There are two main game systems: Score and Timer.

### 2. Complex Game System

These are systems that influence gameplay but are a combination of primitive game systems and properties of Player, Playground Elements, and Behaviors.

Few examples of complex game systems:

1. Level Mapper: Defines how any property of an asset or properties changes when a certain Primitive Game System is in effect.
2. Game Progress: Shows a UI (a behavior) based on progress in the Score or Timer.

***

### Gameplay

Gameplay involves additional parts:

* **Game States**: Can be any of the following - Game Win, Game Lost, Game In Progress.
* **Game Events**: These are events generated by the player by using the Gameplay controller. Examples include: Clicking on an element, Moving the player to a position, Colliding with another element, broadcasting a signal.

Gameplay results when the player uses the Game Events to drive changes in any of the parts of Terra Studio.
