# Interpolate Points

Using the Interpolate Points template, objects can move along a <mark style="color:purple;">specified path defined by coordinates.</mark> This movement can be either <mark style="color:purple;">linear</mark> between points or <mark style="color:purple;">curved</mark>, allowing for versatile motion.&#x20;

Moreover, objects can dynamically rotate to ensure that a particular face of the object always advances towards the path, mimicking how our face naturally aligns with our direction of movement.

To add this behavior, follow these steps:&#x20;

* <mark style="color:yellow;">Step 1</mark>: Select the object or trigger to which you want to apply this template
* <mark style="color:yellow;">Step 2</mark>: Enter the following parameters to customize the behavior:

<table><thead><tr><th width="290">Parameters</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Move On</td><td><p>You can define the trigger that will activate the template<br>- When the <mark style="color:yellow;">game starts</mark></p><p>- When a different object touches the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- After a broadcast message has been received by the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When the player touches the <mark style="color:yellow;">object</mark><br>- When the object is <mark style="color:yellow;">clicked</mark></p></td></tr><tr><td>Points</td><td>You can define multiple points through which the object will move in a path</td></tr><tr><td>Speed</td><td>You can define the speed of object movement</td></tr><tr><td>Turn To Points</td><td>This one makes sure that <mark style="color:purple;">only one face on the object faces the forward direction</mark>. The orientation of the object changes such that one particular face/side of the object is facing forward throughout the whole movement.</td></tr><tr><td>Delay at Point</td><td>This gives a <mark style="color:purple;">gap of a few seconds</mark> before the object changes direction of motion. The object is <mark style="color:purple;">stationary</mark> during those few seconds.</td></tr><tr><td>Loop</td><td>If you check this, the movement is repeated until the template is deactivated</td></tr><tr><td>Is Curve</td><td>Changes the linear mobility path of the object to a <mark style="color:purple;">curved one.</mark></td></tr><tr><td>Interpolate Types</td><td>You can choose between two types of movements:<br>- One direction: The object moves along the path in <mark style="color:purple;">only forward motion</mark><br>- Ping Pong: The object moves along the path in a <mark style="color:purple;">back-and-forth motion</mark></td></tr><tr><td>Broadcast Type</td><td><p>You can choose the instances when a broadcast will be sent. There are three options to choose from:</p><ul><li>Never - No broadcast to be sent</li><li>End - Send a broadcast after completing <mark style="color:purple;">one whole movement</mark> from the start to the endpoint</li><li>At Every Pause - Send a broadcast <mark style="color:purple;">every</mark> <mark style="color:purple;">time</mark> the <mark style="color:purple;">object pauses</mark></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td>Broadcast</td><td>Choose to enter a broadcast that can be used as a trigger for any other behavior. <br><code>The broadcast is sent on the above mentioned instances.</code></td></tr></tbody></table>
